# Rabobank FE Coding Challenge

For this coding challenge an Nx monorepo workspace was chosen as an initial setup. The choice for a monorepo is given the current requirements overkill, but Nx monorepo provides a very low-level setup, and makes it easier to scale in the future.

## Signup application

The `signup-form` application, located under `/apps`, contains the main FE application. Prerequisites and setup is as follows:

### Prerequisites

- NodeJS installed
- (optional) Nx Console plugin, when using VS Code

### Setup & run

1. Install dependencies

```
yarn install
```

2. Using Yarn, start application (Or use Nx Console)

```
yarn start
```

## Architecture

The main idea throughout the application is dividing, at first, into modules, loosely based on an epic, greater functionality. In this case the application is divided as follows:

```
/app        - Main app code, for example components for the main layout.

/shared     - Code/functionality (services, components, hooks, types) that is shared/used in other modules.

/signup     - Code/functionality related to the Signup form (form itself, service to POST to backend).
```

Within a module, code is divided application-based, and is loosely based on an MVC architecture. As follows:

```
/components     - (React) UI components, responsible for rendering data, but not for fetching or holding domain-level state. Comparable to MCV View.

/services       - (React) Services (or components providing a context), responsible for providing data via a React Context to the UI components.

/hooks          - React hooks, which encapsulate the business logic and application state. Via services these hooks are instantiated.

/api.ts         - Wraps all api-calls for a module.

/types.ts       - Provides any common typescript types for a module.

/*.module.scss  - Encapsulates styles for a module.
```

### (Some) Design choices

- I chose to adopt the styling setup, as initially generated by Nx. Alternatively I could have collected all styling in a separate folder, or provide a sass file per component. The current setup seems to be quite scalable for now (sass file per module). If modules tend to grow large, It could also be argued to split the module into multiple ones.

- I chose to use quite alot of separation of code (into services, hooks, etc.). I find it quite easy to setup, does not require lots of time, and prevents having to adopt this structure when the need for separation comes in the future.

- I chose to unittest hooks only. Normally with more time I would like to setup for example Storybook to test UI components, and have it automatically generate snapshots.

- I chose to adopt a separate application for e2e tests, as initially generated by Nx. I made 1 e2e test, testing an almost-happyflow.
